friends how are you expecting that very well and
good the day they will do 25 things about
me and I hope you do not know I will find
fed up stories that happened to me this
week and like lately so I hope
you like it a lot and we are going to start my
favorite movies are super school of
superheroes flip cri glitter and 10 and
wishes and they always ask me this is
as questions and answers said
different movies but the other day I
I sat down to think and decided that those are my
favorite movies lately has
gone through many weird things and I'm
Speaking about a week everything
I will control by spending a week like this
what are we going to see is the serious blond are
art of stories because step that goes
remaining with me francisca I think this
it's a Thursday we're walking
together and then took a mic then
we were walking and there was a couple
fighting and they were settling in the middle
the street and suddenly the gentleman the
I have one thing, not the gentlemen, then the
slapped the gentleman and if they wore
screaming and there was like a lady and
stop in the middle like cheering and that
It was very weird because I've never seen a
fight so less on the street then it was
very weird and that was like the beginning of
everything that went on two days
then I was probably walking by
the street back from school
and came this way ballast this time and a
black dog in the distance and I say someone
of the dog I hope he does not bite me and go
walking and has a bottle in his hand
and passing the dog I look at it and the dog
who bites his hand he quotes me and as who
see the stream as well as not and like
like the bottles and do not touch me and there was
people come to me I think the day
next I got off the car like the
government leaves in the morning and let me go
they left about four blocks away
of the school because joan will take time to leave
brother to his school then he goes
walking and I really feel the poto
side what happened because what and how that
I play and I have the jumper up on but
from the front but not from behind and I do not know
how that happened but I did not sit on the
auto got on and I looked and I saw him nobody
his ridiculous innovation says and then
keep walking and passed I do not know who
and another day I get out of school
called soft and lady like with a
white dress broken leg pelá said
because there is a lady in a dress
white and broken to bare foot this hour
It was about half past seven and there was no
nothing after a few videos per second
time so he made them into more accounts
because I observed that I was still missing
that fat on a barefoot lady with
a broken dress with black hair i what
I saw and the next day I was in the
school and I was like mine portal was
putting the mine inside by is also
As we are in the mine, we are
centering so that it did not break and
began to enter the mine portal the earth
of my fingers and I had some mines floating
and now it has a brand and everything is in
the infirmary so they will take us out with
a needle and with tweezers because they were
very sunken and I'm going to show you told me
I think that there you can see that my brand
Now I have a tattoo for life
a mine and that was on Friday and then
everything was a week but not here
there's going to be things this week because
I do not want more stories of this kind
because it does not support encourage me alone are
the only ones since a day is of
comes my dog ​​separated two legs and
you press in qatar
and since I have like an obsession with
those animals I do not know why but I
love some day of my life I want
stop the purple tips so
like how do you have the tips
very burned and like that I want them
cut it you can come to me and I can
end up spoiling to have them
then moral shorter because not me
I had it for previous I looked like very
badly I want a pet chihuahua
because it looks like unasur and they sing part
They look so cute and cute kristen
but they cost like 300 thousand pesos and my
eyes not me males for a chihuahua of
300 thousand pesos so if someone
you want to give me a file you can give me
because I do not receive here super happy and
new friends of my course a new
I love them and vicente nor friends
that help me with them for videos of
done this was ideas before it is already
like two months ago I wanted this
journalism but I do not want a I no longer
I want to study so I hope that I do not
pass in surquillo middle room I still do not know
If I want I love Lleida and the one
Easter and I think that will happen in 2017
I think but I really want to go I like it
much the history class from the
environment to matter
I love history but do not study
carry some story but I like it
many times the video at age 13 and the
videos that was located at the beginning
were available but someday the
I'm going to put in public because I do not know but
they are very noisy seriously my friend we
have seen and it is not if these are and pretty
I like singing a lot, I'm not so
ordered as organized I have my things
in order but if everything is not there and I
love making lists I do not know why until
I did not like avocado a while ago
but now I like the other
day I ate a compact bread and today I
I think and he was very rich so if less
They serve well I eat it but if they serve me
well as bread is stuffed thanks
returning the singing thing I always walk
singing or have a song and
always the worst companions who
feel close to me so apologize for
that I have insulin resistance and
that if you look like a trend,
diabetes and if you think you have
as overweight or who get tired very
fast and those things go to the doctor and
advance a blood test because they can
have that and then you can give
diabetes so take care yes please
Be careful with that because it's not
nice to have this never had
said before but it's like a part
big
yes eeuu on easter island girl
I think I never repeat but if I want
but I think we re going to happen to me
I get nervous very fast and with me
I get nervous I start talking fast
I do not know why but it's like I do not know why
happens is actually I'm very good for
talk I'm always like talking about
something told some story I do not know by
what but sometimes because the load I
does like that and sometimes I try to stay
shut up because I feel very hateful
Together of l'evasion I adore that things to love
and especially to luc heymans online
is technician of all time and
pools and I still like with address and
yes but as yesterday it is not called no what
same as before then like me
chose a little but now I'm like the
band s with susan or like all
Really, I really like girls
makeup but I would not tell you anything with him
and I do not know how dependent on
makeup so yes but I enjoy it
I am very much the sister and I am the cousin
I am the oldest of my whole family
big and the difference and then like
that the oldest would be my brother after
my
does not have many thanks and then
then there were more kids and it's very sad
because they have a cool bonus but
I do not have a bigger first so
when I am bigger and william
on top of the mobile is to buy the side
of a pair of clothes because I'm going to shake
with that I never had a premium of 29
November 1999 and he's going to be
sad because I'll never be able to hide
nothing because every time it is for example
2025 because three thousand five years
when you are 2038 I will have 38 siller
although you can see me once I get dizzy
very very fast the cars I put it and in
any means of transport
basically the one that is not like bicycle
and that aside I get nervous in the
auto when I do not know who is
driving I put the tie nervous and
the planes for what to speak worse still
I consider that I have in the network of the
addiction with chocolate and it's not good
And is that if I ever give away one
bitter chocolate because the fists by
always went through many phases by
example last year until my phase as
of
own something the hipster
Well, that was like 2013-2014 and now it's
in the big recess phase and I am like that
I hope you liked it a lot
videos and if it were a loyal city there are
to comment below with the subject
they think about the ghost thing but I
I'm sure there's a ghost like that
I do not know and I want you to show us
four videos chau